Natalie Austin: The
Natalie Austin: I'll get the box down and you can put it in the bowl.
Natalie Austin: Cheers
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's kind of messy.
Natalie Austin: Cuba, right.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Natalie Austin: What
Natalie Austin: Are your
Natalie Austin: Video is muted and there's no audio.
Natalie Austin: Right.
U304AA: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Good, how are you
U304AA: I don't know what kind of difficulties I was having but I was
Natalie Austin: That's okay.
Natalie Austin: Most people do the first time it's okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you doing just work with them.
Natalie Austin: Good. Good. Are you doing
U304AA: I'm doing a little bit better recently had an overdose. Two days ago.
Natalie Austin: It's not good.
U304AA: To know
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your last name.
U304AA: R. E. M.
U304AA: E. S.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Joshua February 21 1981
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your story.
Natalie Austin: how you got into. Can you hear me hope you're
Natalie Austin: Tell me how long your story about the opioid issue.
Natalie Austin: Like one. How old were you when you first started it, what happened. What was the cause.
Natalie Austin: Little better
Natalie Austin: Natalie, yes.
Natalie Austin: Make sure you have
U304AA: been stolen.
Natalie Austin: What
U304AA: Makes you know the bars on your phone about there's
Natalie Austin: A little better me now.
Natalie Austin: A little bit.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
U304AA: There you go. Now, you should be able to hear me. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I can hear you now.
U304AA: I think for some reason my Wi Fi was affecting it somehow.
U304AA: Yeah, I had, I had the Wi Fi turned on to, but it seems to be okay now.
U304AA: Basically I started using heroin. I guess about 10 years ago.
U304AA: And ever since then I've tried to reach out to get any kind of help or anything for it.
U304AA: I've just been basically covering recovering addict for the last 10 years
U304AA: Struggling in English and pretty much everything I have
U304AA: Not due to my did you
Natalie Austin: Did you did you um use IV are just
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
U304AA: How long that starts
U304AA: To do on
Natalie Austin: Injured or something or didn't read this experimenting, or
U304AA: No, I had broken my neck in two different places and record my son in a car accident and
Natalie Austin: Like 10 years ago.
U304AA: Yeah, so
U304AA: I started on pain pills and then
U304AA: A pill epidemic in a
U304AA: They got to where I couldn't afford him. So I started using heroin.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Have you ever tried Suboxone
U304AA: I have on the streets. I've never actually reached out to try to get server or clean wasn't you know mean and actually stop everything else.
Natalie Austin: Was last time you used
U304AA: Two days ago.
Natalie Austin: Zero withdrawal right now.
Correct.
U304AA: What
Natalie Austin: What kind of symptoms are you having like nausea, diarrhea,
U304AA: All the above hot and cold flashes wedding cake.
U304AA: Nose run
Sneezing all
U304AA: Fortunately, I know you gotta go through that to get better. So
Natalie Austin: Right. Have you ever been to any rehab.
U304AA: Have
U304AA: I recently just completed one sad to say three months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Was it like a 90 day 130 day
U304AA: 120 I was there for a month.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
U304AA: And then I completed one about probably
U304AA: Five years ago and it was a six month rehab and patient. Both of them were
Natalie Austin: So what happened when you got out and you feel good enough to stay clean
U304AA: I felt great man. And then I just
U304AA: Start getting these cravings and stuff to where
U304AA: I can control them, you know, mean it just
U304AA: It overpowers me
U304AA: So,
Natalie Austin: They teach you like how to overpower that whenever you are in rehab. Did they try to teach you how to overpower
U304AA: Yeah, but fortunately, you know when when you don't reach out to try to use it sources, let me cover this part off on WikiLeaks.
Natalie Austin: It's not a bird.
Natalie Austin: I thought you were in an auto shop and somebody was changing the brakes.
Natalie Austin: He's got a bird chirping, I thought that was
Natalie Austin: I thought it was like an air brake.
U304AA: Usually, he's talking
U304AA: Oh,
U304AA: Of course, that don't help the situation but uh yeah they did. And I just
U304AA: I don't know, I just never tried to
U304AA: Try to do it. I guess you know me.
U304AA: It was easier just to go ahead and use and not deal with it, I guess. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Did you go back and like you're the same patterns with people like the wrong people.
U304AA: No, I didn't. So, craziest part about it.
U304AA: I got rid of all my friends that
U304AA: I did all that. I mean, I was doing. Right. I just
U304AA: Beat the cravings, they will never go away.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So I found
Natalie Austin: My new new bad friends.
U304AA: Have any you mean
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, good.
U304AA: I keep a select few. And that's it you know be
Natalie Austin: Good. That's smart.
U304AA: But like I
U304AA: I don't know, man. I just have like a bad dream about it or something. I'll wake up and feel like using and then sometimes I can be sometimes I get
U304AA: It, it just overpowered me somehow
Natalie Austin: We're going to work on China. You got to overpower it you know
Ya know,
Natalie Austin: Your brain to say, Look, I don't need you. Get away from me, you know,
U304AA: It definitely wasn't a good situation you know me, my mom and girlfriend and to come in and find me in the bathroom like. And luckily, just by luck. The week before that we pick my mom's medicine of a Walgreens, and I put the thing in working in there so
U304AA: Bad at all. That's awesome.
Natalie Austin: Today, all water. Okay.
U304AA: Yeah, I mean, I'm glad I am too and it's you know, it's just a good point. Well,
U304AA: You know my girlfriend, she's been recovering addict for the last six years. She don't. She had no clue. Yummy.
U304AA: Walter he sees you guys and always thought it was always a joke. I mean, always thought you gave up one for another. You say,
U304AA: She's made a point blank and simple to me that it works. If you use it and use it the right way so
Natalie Austin: It does. Absolutely.
U304AA: Unfortunately, you know, I've learned the hard way.
Natalie Austin: Tell me about your past medical history of diabetes, hypertension counts.
Natalie Austin: Any other issues.
U304AA: I have been diagnosed with lupus and mom anticoagulant to wear my blood clots, real easy. So
U304AA: I take them and I've been diagnosed with a few things like PTSD and stuff like that to where I take, although
U304AA: What's it been on that medication.
U304AA: I guess a month and a half recently just got out of that program and I haven't been able to find a
U304AA: Virus going on.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any, any surgeries in the past.
Natalie Austin: No surgeries.
U304AA: No, no.
Natalie Austin: You still have your tonsils appendix all that
Natalie Austin: Okay, there you go.
U304AA: Can you still hear me.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, do you have tons, you had on your tonsils taken out right
Right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single divorced, you
U304AA: Know,
Natalie Austin: Okay, you have a girlfriend.
Natalie Austin: Correct Katrina.
U304AA: Know,
Natalie Austin: What's, what's her name.
Natalie Austin: morn Lauren Lauren Davis.
U304AA: walk ins.
Natalie Austin: Welcome
Natalie Austin: She's in the program as well.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So she must be with another doctor
U304AA: I think she might have seen you last week.
U304AA: I think she just saying you lose me
Natalie Austin: Okay.
U304AA: It might not. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Okay. I think she saw Dr. Jamison, I believe.
Natalie Austin: But
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Any alcohol use, or tobacco or
U304AA: I do smoke.
U304AA: I don't have no issue with drinking at all. I don't like it.
Natalie Austin: I marijuana
U304AA: No, I'm on. I'm on probation. Unfortunately, so I can't do that.
U304AA: But I'm dumb enough to take a chance with heroin. Let's say this isn't days you know me.
U304AA: So,
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Family history, your parents still alive.
U304AA: Yes, but more I live with my mother and grandmother
U304AA: I both talked about father some sometimes here to here on the time
Natalie Austin: How was your. How was your mom.
U304AA: She wanted 56 so I guess 63
Okay.
Natalie Austin: This does she have any what
U304AA: Should be 64 this year.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Does she have any medical issues like diabetes, hypertension, heart disease,
U304AA: Or Not that I'm aware of.
Natalie Austin: And once last time you talk to your dad.
U304AA: It's probably two years ago.
Natalie Austin: To happen there.
U304AA: My use my addiction.
U304AA: Got in the way he just got tired of seeing me go to jail. Being an addict. I mean,
Right.
U304AA: What do I have the one electrical business. Now I have the my wife, you know I'm saying
U304AA: So I'm around modern day
U304AA: You don't see it firsthand with me. I'm saying, like,
U304AA: I'm traveling a lot
U304AA: So I really
Natalie Austin: Don't you work with
U304AA: No I don't work with him no more.
Natalie Austin: Do you have your own electrical business know
U304AA: Electrical work for a company called tradesmen. They go, they go all over the state.
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, you get to travel around
Yeah.
U304AA: I do have a pretty decent job. So, you know, unfortunately, I've been able to you know support my addiction that way, but don't give up. You
U304AA: Can never make enough money.
Natalie Austin: Did you get laid off at all because of the coven
U304AA: Or you're still working. Yeah, correct were laid off right now.
Oh, you
U304AA: Know, unfortunately only we work you know 30 4050 feet and errors and fun thing on what it is they don't want to suffer being sacred some stupid.
Natalie Austin: Right.
U304AA: So fortunately, we're not working, but hopefully here soon. We'll go back
Natalie Austin: Review systems. Let's go over your medications. Do you have what medications are you on
U304AA: I take when does a blood thinner.
U304AA: And elbow.
U304AA: Which which is
Natalie Austin: What's the covenant for
U304AA: Oh, man. Talk to my blood clots, real easy.
Natalie Austin: What is your blood clot easily what disease, what, what's it called,
U304AA: Day. I haven't even got that far yet you know i mean they diagnosed me with lupus, to where
U304AA: I guess it's just not anti coagulated toward this clots, real easy. I'm not for
U304AA: I haven't really falls more for the lupus, I guess.
Correct.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
U304AA: All
Natalie Austin: Right. What is that, that's for the PTSD.
Natalie Austin: Correct. Okay.
Natalie Austin: What dose of that.
U304AA: 75
Natalie Austin: Like five milligrams or
One.
Natalie Austin: Medications besides those two
U304AA: No man.
Natalie Austin: Any allergies anything
U304AA: Oh my magic the hydro Cody, I don't want to take a know kind of pain pills and if you were at all. So,
U304AA: That doesn't matter.
Natalie Austin: hydrocodone or
Natalie Austin: Correct or just coding in general like coding
Natalie Austin: hydrocodone okay
Natalie Austin: What happens when you take that
U304AA: Break out like little red rashes and it's all over.
Natalie Austin: Allergies to take any other antibiotics.
Mobile
Natalie Austin: Previous systems.
Natalie Austin: You're having not nausea, vomiting, chills, sweating.
Natalie Austin: Diarrhea
Natalie Austin: Fatigue Malays, okay.
Natalie Austin: Any constipation.
The
Natalie Austin: Constipation
Natalie Austin: 14 point system reviewed.
Natalie Austin: Physical exam general, what about warmers white male
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
U304AA: Six one
Natalie Austin: at&t parallel cardiac clauses and tag lungs non labor aspirations admin on distended extremities no edema.
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five plus five normal gate.
Natalie Austin: Neuro cranial nerves to through 12 intact.
Natalie Austin: Cycling or two times three pleasant cooperatives.
Natalie Austin: Assessment.
Natalie Austin: opioid abuse F1 1.10 back to use post traumatic stress disorder lupus.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan.
Natalie Austin: Monthly urine drug screens.
Natalie Austin: group counseling weekly
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use counseling mental health exam completed.
Natalie Austin: Copy to Dr. Jamison for cosine
Natalie Austin: Check or monthly
Natalie Austin: Are you gonna follow up with your lupus doctor
Natalie Austin: I'm
U304AA: Trying to find a primary care doctor for that right now. Unfortunately, there's four of you in between.
U304AA: Because your area, where is that, and it's hard to find a doctor. It's just specialized in that because there's so many different doctors that are in that category. You know, to where like your internal organs by effect and all that stuff. So I am in research of trying to find one. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I will just call your insurance company.
U304AA: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Because I think it was, you know, put your zip code in and punch it in a computer and they'll be able to tell you right away.
Okay.
U304AA: Me write that down.
Natalie Austin: I'll be simple for you. That way you don't do any. You don't have to do any research that's what they get paid to do is to help you out just fine, no doctors
U304AA: Do
U304AA: Nice to know
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, in terms of the medication Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Have you taken the tablets are the films in the past.
U304AA: Oh, the tab, which is what I was taking when I did.
Natalie Austin: Do you want to continue with that.
Yes, that would be fabulous.
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: About the VPN or friend with naloxone is okay.
Natalie Austin: She's with both, okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll do the tablets.
Natalie Austin: Some people do it daily. And some people do it twice a day.
Natalie Austin: On what
Natalie Austin: How do you
Natalie Austin: feel you need
Natalie Austin: Do you want to try failures larger
U304AA: Twice a day where maybe I guess twice a day, morning and
U304AA: That's what I struggled. When I first woke up, and when I first go to bed like
U304AA: My mind.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we can do that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, one to be ID. So one of the morning one at night.
Natalie Austin: Whenever you have whenever you first get up is wait a little bit to take it.
Natalie Austin: That way it doesn't run out in the
Natalie Austin: Evening, because some people like it, they take it too early, and then they take the evening does too early, then you run out, like in the middle of the night. So you try to space it out, you know, your body, you'll find out you know
Natalie Austin: Do you want to do you want to come see me on Mondays. We have group on Mondays at noon, do you want to do that.
U304AA: That's fine.
Natalie Austin: I can get. I'll give you enough medication for next Monday. And then we can. I can meet you then.
U304AA: Okay, that's great.
Natalie Austin: No good. Okay. Yes. Okay. So. Today is Thursday.
U304AA: And that'll be coming Monday.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: At noon.
Natalie Austin: So I'll give you 10 tablets for Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then Monday. I'll give you another prescription for
Natalie Austin: A longer with the longer seven days.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: It's only five days away now.
Natalie Austin: Do you want the CVS pharmacy on West 592 West plains streets.
U304AA: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: This thing sends you a text, you'll get a text on your phone, just say it's from good Rx but it's a feature they have on here just to let you
Natalie Austin: Know I sent I sent you the prescription
Natalie Austin: Because some people used to ask, you know,
Natalie Austin: Did you send it in. Yet is it out the form of see people don't know whether they have it or not. So there's a feature on there that they added, which is nice for you guys.
U304AA: You just
Natalie Austin: Got it.
U304AA: Yes, ma'am. Yep. Okay.
U304AA: That way, you know. So you send it directly to the pharmacy. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Natalie Austin: I said it just now. So it'll be ready. Whenever you know probably half an hour, an hour.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do they let you know when your prescriptions are ready. Some
Natalie Austin: Pharmacies text you
U304AA: Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna set up the app to where it'll let me know.
Natalie Austin: Yep, perfect. And I will text you and they'll see your, your farm your prescriptions ready for pickup. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you going to swing by some some CVS is even deliver to because of
Natalie Austin: Corona buyers.
U304AA: Yeah, luckily it's just right up the road.
Natalie Austin: Oh, perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Now, do you know on
Natalie Austin: I'ma tell you a little bit about the medicine.
Natalie Austin: You like I said, it's usually it works 12 hours for most people.
Natalie Austin: So if you take an eight o'clock in the morning. I will
Natalie Austin: Take it eight o'clock at night. You can play around like an hour here there. But don't take it too soon or two legs. No, it'll like quote run out like I had mentioned
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Mixture of spaced out
Natalie Austin: If you have any trouble with that though, just let me know.
U304AA: For sure. Well,
Natalie Austin: We can address we can adjust it accordingly.
Natalie Austin: You can get constipation with this medicine so
Natalie Austin: If you get constipated. You can just get over the counter laxative or drink prune juice.
Natalie Austin: But just so you know that that's a side effect. That's one of the big side effects. I had a group. Once we talked about that and 19 out of 20 of the people said yes, they have constipation from it. So,
It's very common.
Natalie Austin: To be aware to see you're not surprised.
U304AA: To worry about. I'm in good shape.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's that's the main one. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You know, good.
Natalie Austin: And if you can get laxatives from the Dollar Tree, you know, like a stool softener something
U304AA: Locally, I live with my grandma. So she keeps plenty of fruit juice around
Natalie Austin: The streets.
Natalie Austin: That's funny. There you go.
Natalie Austin: That's easy.
U304AA: Because it's just like an opioid
U304AA: Why she got about any kind of medication you need
Natalie Austin: Yes, she probably has a bunch of laxatives me relax polio.
Natalie Austin: So Glaxo you go
Natalie Austin: And Metamucil I know they have a lot of the elderly use Metamucil lot
U304AA: Seen that
Natalie Austin: That's a good
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Just drink it. It's like orange or so clear. I think now. Yeah, yeah, that's easy to drink too.
U304AA: And then I'll use the same ID number. They gave me the log into with on Monday.
Natalie Austin: This Monday. Yeah. For me, I'm going to run the group on Monday, because
Natalie Austin: I don't think we're shell. It's a holiday. So we're shells. Not going to be there, but it'll just be me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just use this ID.
Natalie Austin: For Monday. Whenever I'm normally on Mondays Rochelle runs
Natalie Austin: Her part of the group. She's our therapist.
Natalie Austin: She has a whole
Natalie Austin: Program that she runs and I come in as well. Just to give you guys refills, I kind of sit on the sidelines, but she runs the whole group and she has a different topic every week.
Natalie Austin: And she gives you a different room number every, every day.
Natalie Austin: And I wish, I wish. They kept the same room number. That would be so much easier. But I guess because I want you to go through the virtual clinic.
Natalie Austin: To start with,
Natalie Austin: You have to sign in.
Natalie Austin: To the
Natalie Austin: Like what the secretary and
Natalie Austin: Then she puts you into the room. It's kind of like being a doctor's office when you go when you see the receptionist.
Natalie Austin: Maybe have to fill out some quizzes or whatever.
Natalie Austin: Find your forms and go into the room.
U304AA: It sounds so crazy. But, you know, like it's easier for me to do this at home, of course, but like I feel more comfortable. I've been able to sit at my own house mean over the talk about it, instead of like a ton of a bunch of other people. You know me.
Natalie Austin: Right, right.
U304AA: That's why I really never went to go get the hell I was like I told her I and I didn't even know she was doing this, like this. You mean like that's what she didn't want to let me know you know me so
Natalie Austin: Well, I'm glad you're doing this. Yeah, it's not. It's nice for a lot of people
Natalie Austin: It's very, it's more private. You're right.
U304AA: Absolutely. For sure.
U304AA: And then whenever we have group.
Natalie Austin: There's probably like 10 people in the group. There's buttons down the bottom, there's a mute button.
Natalie Austin: And there's a stop video button to see that.
U304AA: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You just hit that Like if you can stop that, for if you have to, like, go to the bathroom or something you don't want us to see your bathroom.
Natalie Austin: Right. Or if you have to scratch your nose or pick your nose. Yeah, we do that.
Natalie Austin: Right unmute for someone in the background. SCREAMING
Natalie Austin: Or the mailman at your door.
U304AA: Just hit me boy.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, or the dogs barking or just just hit the mute button right
Natalie Austin: Absolutely. Okay, and then
Natalie Austin: Those are like little features for your
Natalie Austin: For your making more comfortable to
Natalie Austin: Go well sometimes I'm the therapist will mute everybody. It will never she's talking so just go down the line just hit mute all
Natalie Austin: You see that that's she just did that for everybody so she could you guys can hear her.
U304AA: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Because some people are like, in the car, and they don't know to hit that mute button and you can hear outside noise and stuff. So see, we have one guy that calls us in from a construction site so we can hear all this
All this stuff in the background.
Natalie Austin: meeting him. That's funny.
U304AA: That'll be me in the future. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: There you go. Yeah, he has this hard hat on everything, but she has to mute him. Good. You can hear everything in the background is kind of funny.
Natalie Austin: That's awesome. Yeah, our group was really finally people really nice you'll like it.
U304AA: Alright.
Natalie Austin: So, good good good crew.
Natalie Austin: We also have groups on Thursdays at noon and six. But those are pretty full. But if you happen to miss on Monday, you can always make it up on a Thursday. Okay.
U304AA: I want this. I'm going to stay on top of it and we're trying our hardest just on
Natalie Austin: Least you have some support. That's good.
U304AA: Absolutely. For sure.
Natalie Austin: I'm sure your grandmother's EXCITED TO ABOUT YOU.
U304AA: Yeah.
U304AA: I told my mom. She's like, Well, why didn't you do. And so I'm telling me, and I'm like, and you know, of course, there's places right
U304AA: To do this, but
U304AA: I've tried it once and it don't never work out like that. Because when you get there, you're around all those people I just go
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Here, this is a more private settings. Exactly.
So you can
Natalie Austin: You can like you said you could just do this if you're like embarrassed or something. Just do that.
Natalie Austin: Real. I think it's very easy to talk to the group, they're not
Natalie Austin: They're not judgmental, you know, they're not gonna
Natalie Austin: They're all very positive group.
Natalie Austin: They're all just like you just, you know, want to
Natalie Austin: Enjoy life and get better.
U304AA: Yes, correct.
U304AA: Did you guys also have, like, can you guys also prescribe my elevator and stuff like that, too, or no.
Natalie Austin: I'm
U304AA: Saying for, I guess,
Natalie Austin: If you can't find a doctor, I think we could
Natalie Austin: Okay, I have to find out.
Natalie Austin: About that.
Natalie Austin: You're unable to find Dr. Let me know. And I can ask my boss. See if we can offer
Natalie Austin: Me, I want to look in this I have to look to this.
Natalie Austin: Ohio automated Rx reporting system here. How do you spell your last name.
U304AA: Or am I in. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, are we
Natalie Austin: Are, am I. N. E. S.
U304AA: Right.
Natalie Austin: How do you say that
U304AA: Reminds
Just like I remind
Natalie Austin: Oh nice reminds okay and date of birth again to 2181 21 1981 okay
Natalie Austin: What's your zip code.
Four or 5106106
Natalie Austin: Have you got prescriptions outside of Ohio YOU'RE GETTING IN PENNSYLVANIA. OR West Virginia.
U304AA: Kentucky.
Natalie Austin: Kentucky did okay
U304AA: Yeah, but I've never been prescribed those in Kentucky.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you said he pretty much got this off the street, though, so I don't think we'll ever see anything on here.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah. Never got a prescription so
U304AA: Unfortunately, my accumulated elevate has always been prescribed to me when I've been incarcerated.
U304AA: Because I never followed the doctor because of my addiction to me.
Natalie Austin: Ah, OK.
U304AA: So you'll probably have a hard time finding any other thrill.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's fine. You need to find a doctor for your opponent. Definitely.
U304AA: Yeah, for sure.
Natalie Austin: Definitely do that.
U304AA: It's easy. It's called the insurance company now for everyone. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Yep.
Natalie Austin: No dogs. It's funny, and make sure that if the doctor can't do the elevator and let me know. But hopefully they can do both. I'll make it easier for you.
U304AA: Absolutely, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Nothing showing up in here, but that's okay. That's, yeah. You just said you didn't get any prescriptions anywhere else. So
Right.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
U304AA: No, ma'am. Thank you so very much. I appreciate all your help.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
U304AA: And I'll log in at noon. Correct.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Monday at noon.
That's correct.
U304AA: Thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: Okay. You're welcome.
U304AA: You have a great day.
Natalie Austin: You too. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.